In this task, your goal is to recommend good restaurants to those who would like to try one or more dishes in a cuisine. Given a particular dish, the general idea of solving this problem is to assess whether a restaurant is good for this dish based on whether the reviews of a candidate restaurant have included many positive (and very few negative) comments about the dish.  You may choose a target dish or a set of target dishes from the list of "popular dishes" you generated from Task 4, or otherwise, choose any dishes that have been mentioned many times in the review data (the more reviews you have for a dish, the more basis you will have for ranking restaurants). 

You are required to create a visualization to show the ranking of the recommended restaurants. While a generic ranking of restaurants based on their overall ratings can be easily obtained, such a generic ranking is not as useful as one customized for a particular dish if one has decided to try this "particular dish." Thus, the ranking of restaurants you generated should be influenced somehow by the dish names you assumed to represent a diner's dining preference. The central question is thus how to design a dish-specific ranking algorithm for ranking restaurants. A simple approach easy to implement is to collect all the reviews mentioning a dish, and compute the average ratings of these reviews for each restaurant so that a restaurant whose reviews containing the dish have the highest average rating would be ranked on the top.   But you are free to experiment with any parameters such as the rating of the restaurant, among other things.

Something to consider is to make your visualization general enough such that it could be used in a search engine or system and generate something useful for the users by recommending popular restaurants based on different dishes.
